The home is so beautiful too. This is so pretty.
I didn't have it at that time.
The clothes they wear are all made of swords.
Middle East, you are so beautiful.
I heard that it is the representative of Shi Zhi Bu and Da Da.
I think it's very suitable for what I bought.
At this time,
Do you have a sword worth anything? Yes,
Don't treat us badly.
This is much more valuable than the economy
You just wear one suit, boy
I like this for now
Where did you come from? I just bought three sets.
This is our ancestral inheritance without any money.
how so
Why did you kid do this?
You boy, this is passed down from your ancestors
So this means
Don’t know anymore
Then I will pick you up and you will not know this time